Let's take a look at a hands-on example of streaming from Kafka using Spark.
The first thing I'm going to do is start-up Kafka.
While that's starting, I'm going to start Spark as well.
Copying the log location for this Spark master.
Then I'm going to view that log.
I'm going to tail it because I want to see it as it goes.
It's still running.
Here is what I was looking for,
the Spark URI for the master.
I'm going to break out of the tail 'control C',
home workspace, Spark, sbin,
start, I'm starting the worker.
Then I'm passing this URI.
Starting up the worker now.
If I look at the p_f,
I'm going to see Spark and Spark,
both master and worker are running.
If I come back to Kafka,
it says Zookeeper is up, Kafka is up.
We're going to disregard this last stack trace that we saw because that's just
an error with serializing from [inaudible] connector which is not relevant.
It's just a little bug that doesn't affect us in any of our lessons.
The next thing I'm going to do is,
open up the application I'm going to work on,
it's the Kafka console dot pie.
I'm just going to make it a little easier to work with here.
I have my Spark library imported,
and the next thing I'm going to do is create a Spark session by calling,.builder.appname.
I'm going to call this one fuel level because that's
the name of the topic that I'm going to be pulling from Kafka.
I'm setting the logging to low or one.
Now, I'm going to connect to Kafka,
I'm creating a data-frame that's going to pull from a topic,
that [inaudible] color Kafka streaming df.
Then I'm going to wrap down,
this is a little easier to read,
because there's a lot of chaining happening here.
I'm accessing the.read-stream on the Spark-Session.
Then I'm going to change it to a Kafka format.
Then I'm going to pass a couple options.
The first option is the bootstrap server,
that tells it where to connect to Kafka.
Usually that's a server name.
In this case, it's just local host because we're on a test environment.
I'm going to say subscribe to the fuel level topic.
We want to get the oldest data possible from the topic, from the beginning.
Again, this could be deleted by Kafka if it's really old data.
But we'll get at least today's data and probably a little older than that.
Now, I've got this data-frame which represents a topic from Kafka,
and I want to take that data-frame and convert it to something a little more usable.
The raw default format is binary,
and we want to cast it to string format.
We're going to create a new data-frame that doesn't have
the binary in it from the one that does.
We're going do that using a select expression method on the data-frame.
Inside the expression we're going to cast the key is a string that came from Kafka.
In this case, the key is the truck number.
We're going to name that column truck number.
Then I'm casting the value as a string as well.
I'm going to call that one the fuel
level because that's what's going to be in that column.
Then I'm going take this data-frame, Kafka streaming df,
and I'm going to write this to the console using the right stream output mode of append,
that just means, show the new entries as they appear.
I want it to stream to the console and I'm starting it.
This kicks off the entire application, start.
Then I'm going to say await termination,
which means it should keep running continuously.
I'm going to save this.
Now, I'm going to run it.
I've actually created some scripts that startup the applications for us.
I'm going to show you what one of those looks like.
This one starts off by saying Spark
submit and it passes a command -packages, - -packages.
This is where we put the Kafka library we want.
The version matters, this two dot for the six actually is important.
It's based on what version of Spark you're running.
We're running version 2,4,6 in the workspace that we've created for you here at Udacity.
In order for that to work correctly,
we need to match.
Again, this is the library for Kafka to work with Spark.
We're passing that as - -packages.
The rest of these commands are just for convenience,
for logging purposes and they're not necessary.
I could just run this whole command from the command line and it would work just fine.
We're going to use scripts throughout the rest of
the course just to make running it a little simpler.
You're welcome to go look at those whenever you want,
and you can actually copy the commands and paste them in manually,
if you find that's easier or on better learning process for you.
I'll just do that this time just to show you.
I've copied that command,
and actually, I do need this part, that wasn't true.
This is the name of the Python script I want to run.
I'm going to run this.
The librarie's got loaded.
You can see a bunch of ivy,
jars, things like that,
that means it's loading libraries.
Then this steps to our in-pointment we were waiting.
Then we saw our data output.
We have truck numbers,
all different kinds of trucks,
and here's the percentage of fuel that they have in each of the trucks at that time.
This truck is below empty.
That's a problem, and now we want to kill this,
to get it to stop, I just say 'control C'.
That's a walk-through for streaming from Kafka in Spark.